== Duelingpets Home of the Imaginative Creatures

A website that allows users to create their own creatures.

== Current Features:

== Iteration 1 Features:

Registrations allows new users to signup to the website.
Users allows them to edit their profile and view content.
Colorschemes allows the user to control the color of the website.
Bookgroups determines the type of content the user can view.
Dragonhoard the central bank that manages the pricing of features.
Economies keeps track of the points flowing in and out of the system.

Userupgrades allows the user to upgrade their content.
Gameinfos allows the player to set the mode they wish.
Difficulty determines how difficult the game should be.
Blogs allows the player to create news articles.
Blogtypes determines whether it is an ad or a blog.
Blogviewers who can view this particular blog.

OCs allows players to create original characters.
Shoutbox allows players to store shout messages.
Shouts allows players to communicate with each other.
Inventories allows the player to hold items.
Items can boost a pets ability or give certain affects.
Itemtypes determines what type of item it is.

Creatures allows the player to create their very own pet.
Creaturetypes allows the player to choose between pet or Zethian.
PMboxes stores private messages between players.
PMs allows players to communicate privately between each other.
PMreplies allows players to respond to a pm.
Jukeboxes allows the player to store sounds.
Mainsheets allows the player to seperate sounds.
Subsheets allows the player to create more specific sound specifications.
Sounds allows the player to create different audio tracks.
